Removing "please" from docs (#3446)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/manage_app_group/custom_event_and_attribute_management.md

To make these added custom attributes, events, products, or event properties trackable, you must ask your developer to create it in the SDK using the exact name you used to add it earlier. Or, you can use Braze's [APIs]({{site.baseurl}}/api/basics/) to import data on that attribute. After that, the custom attribute, event, or other will be actionable and apply to your users!

{% alert note %}

> All User Profile data (custom events, custom attribute, custom data) is stored as long as those profiles are active. Custom event properties are stored and available for Segmentation for thirty (30) days. If you'd like to leverage event properties for Segmentation, contact your Braze Account Manager, Customer Success Manager, or open a [support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/braze_support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All User Profile data (custom events, custom attributes, custom data) is stored as long as those profiles are active. Custom event properties are stored and available for Segmentation for 30 days. If you'd like to leverage event properties for Segmentation, contact your Braze account manager, customer success manager, or open a [support ticket]({{site.baseurl}}/braze_support/).
```
